OIDC: Add a property enabling to use client authentication for discovery and JWKS endpoints (#54433)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-oidc-bearer-token-authentication.adoc

If introspection of the Bearer token is necessary, then `OidcProviderClient` must authenticate to the OIDC provider.
For more information about supported authentication options, see the  xref:security-oidc-code-flow-authentication.adoc#oidc-provider-client-authentication[OIDC provider client authentication] section in the Quarkus "OpenID Connect authorization code flow mechanism for protecting web applications" guide.

> If the OIDC provider also enforces authenticated access to the discovery and JWKS endpoints, see xref:security-oidc-code-flow-authentication.adoc#authenticated-access-to-all-oidc-endpoints[Authenticated access to all OIDC endpoints].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set `quarkus.oidc.credentials.for-all-endpoints=true` when the OIDC provider also enforces authenticated access to the discovery and JWKS endpoints, see xref:security-oidc-code-flow-authentication.adoc#authenticated-access-to-all-oidc-endpoints[Authenticated access to all OIDC endpoints].
```

Author: applied, thx
